it's always some gay person that's
talking on our behalf so I'm really
excited today to talk about how everyone
here is wrong you David I I love your
show I consider you a friend I can't be
wrong you and the Democrats are
completely wrong about what trans people
need we don't need you advocating for
you know Trans vaginoplasties in prison
we need to retreat back to the basics of
what we need which is HRT and Healthcare
and the problem is the Democrats have
been captured by this Fringe left
there's redefined what trans means to
all this non-binary nonsense and all
this stuff that has nothing to do with
how we got our rights in the first place
Ben you can appreciate this I was the
first trans person to ever transition at
oldness our Alma model that was very
very diff it was 20 years ago toty totty
and the thing is the way I got equality
and got people to respect me in
Mississippi was not by screaming at them
or lecturing them about my pronouns it
was getting them to see my Humanity this
is something trans people have just
completely lost and the problem is the
Democratic party is unwilling to call
out these Bad actors and because of this
we are having a conversation that does
not serve trans people pierce I am
begging you on this show stop inviting
these stupidest leftists on to make the
argument for Trans civil rights let some
people actually understand this stuff
and Dave is laughing because you you
understand integration as a gay man you
know exactly what I'm talking you've
done the same Playbook your whole career
this works this is how I'm only gay I'm
only gay starting at 10 p.m. what time
is it we'll have to check on that but
but actually you're completely right
Brian you're completely right